# User stories for VIM

VIM plugin to provide syntax highlighting and snippets to ease user stories
authoring.


# Installation

<pre>git clone https://github.com/pk/vim-userstories
cd vim-userstories && cp -R . ~/.vim/</pre>


# Usage

Save your user stories as *.userstories file to enable syntax highlighting and
snippets automatically.

You can set any file to user stories file using:
<pre><code>:setfiletype userstories</code></pre>

## Syntax

Plugin will highlight following keywords:

* AS A / AS AN
* I WANT / I WANT TO
* SO THAT

which makes for support of the standard template for a user story:

<pre>AS A/AN role I WANT TO desire SO THAT I rationale.</pre>


## Snippets

You need to have [snipMate](http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2540)
plugin installed in order to use snippets. Once you have that you can use:

<pre>asa -> AS A role I WANT TO desire SO THAT rationale.
asan -> AS AN role I WANT TO desire SO THAT rationale.</pre>


# License

All files are licensed under MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
